feat: New Lw Account Resource Group Terraform Resource (#171)
lacework/terraform-provider-lacework: website/docs/r/resource_group_lw_account.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Resource Groups"
layout: "lacework"
page_title: "Lacework: lacework_resource_group_lw_account"
description: |-
  Create and manage Lacework Account Resource Groups
---

# lacework\_resource\_group\_lw\_account

Use this resource to create a Lacework Account Resource Group in order to categorize Lacework-identifiable assets.
For more information, see the [Resource Groups documentation](https://support.lacework.com/hc/en-us/articles/360041727354-Resource-Groups).

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "lacework_resource_group_lw_account" "example" {
  name        = "My Lacework Account Resource Group"
  description = "This groups a subset of Lacework accounts"

>   accounts = ["my-account"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  accounts    = ["my-account"]
```

}
```

### Organization Level Access

> `lacework_resource_group_lw_account` is an organization level integration. And requires `organization` argument to `true` 
> in the provider config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lacework_resource_group_account` is an organization-level resource that requires the Lacework provider to be configured with the `organization` argument to `true`.

```
